Add additional best-practices for testing (#9335)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/dev/testing.md

# Testing Best Practices

> This document describes some best-practices for unit testing in the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes some best-practices for unit testing in the Agent.
```

Please feel invited to:
 * Refer to this document in pull requests where these practices might be helpful
 * Add best practices to this document
 * Refactor tests to follow these best practices
 * Change practices if they are no longer the best

> Note that the code will never completely reflect these practices, although we hope to get continually closer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The code will never completely reflect these practices, although we hope to get continually closer.
```

> ## Prefer `require` over `assert`

Author: That's a good way to phrase it.

Test code should prefer to use `github.com/stretchr/testify/require` to make assertions.
The functions in this package automatically abort the test when an assertion fails, which is usually what is expected.

> For example, given an error, `assert.NoError(t, err)` will cause the test to be marked as a failure, but will continue on to the next statement, possibly leading to a nil dereference or other such failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, given an error, `assert.NoError(t, err)` causes the test to be marked as a failure, but continues to the next statement, possibly leading to a nil dereference or other such failure.
```

> In contrast, `require.NoError(t, err)` will abort the test when an error is encountered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast, `require.NoError(t, err)` aborts the test when an error is encountered.
```
